How many times a day do you poop?
How many times a day do you pee?
What's the most random fact you know?
What's a song you could listen forever?
The best game to play with friends?
What is your favorite Discord emote?
What is your most hated Discord emote?
What is the best Discord bot?
Where does your username come from?
What is the next event you look forward to the most?
When is it the best time to poop?
Day or night?
What nicknames do people give you on Discord?
Why would you hate someone?
What is annoying you the most these times?
Why am I the best bot?
What do you usually order at McDonald's ?
When is your birthday?
Do you like your name?
What is your current sleep schedule?
What random website to visit when bored?
What is your favorite gif
What kind of movie type do you like?
Favorite YouTuber/Streamer?
What makes you quiver in fear?
What can make you feel good when you're down?
What kind of game genre do you like?
Do you want to thank something or someone right now?
Do you bring your mobile device when you're going to toilet?
What is the most tragic thing that happened to you recently?
What anime would you like to live in?
Do you prefer salt or sugar food?
What is the best Twice ship?
What is the best Twice comeback?
What is your favorite anime?
What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite animal?
What is your favorite sport?
What is your favorite Twice album?
What do you do in your free time?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite drink? (water excluded)
Are you an optimist or a pessimist?
What is your favorite game?
What is your favorite fast food?
If the world were to end what would you do?
If you won the lottery what would you buy first?
Movies or books?
Anime or manga?
YouTube or Twitch?
Twitter or Instagram?
What device are you using right now?
Would you rather tell the truth that hurts or hide it not to hurt?
What word would you choose if you could only use one?
What is your absolute favorite video?
What word would represent your country?
What word would describe you the best?
What is a thing you never thought you needed but once you got it you understood you need it?
What can piss you off the fastest?
What is your favorite fruit?
What is your favorite movie?
What is your favorite book?
What is your favorite Twitter account?
What is your favorite vegetable?
Do you get angry easily?
Do you consider yourself mature?
Do you often think you are the smartest?
What is your best skill?
Are you the kind of person to always pull yourself down?
Do you judge people easily?
Where did you grow up?
Do you have any pets?
Do you have any siblings?
Do you know what your your name means?
What type of phone do you have?
What did you do this past weekend?
What are your plans for this weekend?
What do you like to do in your spare time?
What is the first thing you do when you wake up?
What is the last thing you do before you go to sleep?
What is your middle name?
What was the last thing you purchased?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is your favorite day of the week?
If you could meet anyone in history, who would it be?
What do you like to do to relax?
Are you a saver or a spender?
Do you play any instruments?
What was your favorite children's book?
What is your first childhood memory?
What type of kid were you (e.g. spoiled, rebellious, well-behaved, quiet, obnoxious...)?
What is one thing you miss about being a kid?
What did you want to grow up to be when you were younger?
Where did (do) you go to school?
What was (is) your favorite subject?
What was (is) your least favorite subject?
What's the first thing you do after school/work?
Were you the class clown or teacher's pet?
What do you do for a living?
What is your dream job?
If you had $10 million, would you still be working/going to school?
What was your least favorite job that you've ever had?
What is something that you have gotten in trouble for at school/work?
What is the first think you notice about a guy or girl?
Have you ever been in love?
Do you believe in soul mates?
What are your turn offs?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you prefer short hair or long hair on a guy/girl?
What do you look for in a guy/girl?
Who was the last person you called?
Would you rather be rich and never find true love or be poor and find true love?
Who is your favorite athlete?
How often do you exercise?
What is your favorite sports team?
Do you play any sports?
Where was the last place you went on vacation?
Where do you plan on going for your next vacation?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What countries have you traveled to?
What was your worst vacation experience?
What is your favorite drink?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite meal of the day?
Are there any foods that you dislike or will not eat?
Are there any foods that you would like to try?
What is your favorite restaurant?
What is your favorite pizza topping?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
What did you have for dinner last night?
What is the signature dish that you cook?
Who is your favorite actor?
What is your favorite movie of all time?
What was the worst movie you've ever seen?
What is your favorite TV show?
What was the last movie you've seen?
What type of music do you like to listen to?
Who is your favorite music artist?
What was the last book you read?
Who do you look up to?
Where do you see yourself 5 years from now?
What are you scared of?
What is the best piece of advice you've received?
What do your parents do for a living?
What is your biggest regret?
What is your most embarrassing moment?
What is the craziest thing you've ever done?
What are some of your short-term goals?
What are some of your long-term goals?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Tell me about your first car.
Do you drink coffee or tea?
If you could have any super power, what would it be?
If you were stranded on a deserted island and you could have only 1 item, what would it be?
Do you believe in luck?
Do you play video games?
Do you believe people are inherently good?
How often do you shower?
What is your favorite board game?
What is your favorite charity?
Have you ever gotten a speeding ticket?
Do you prefer cats or dogs?
Would you prefer to live in the city or a rural area?
What is your favorite season?
Do you speak any other languages?
Have you ever cried because you were so happy?
What is the best thing that happened to you during the past week?
What is the worst thing that happened to you during the past week?
Do you sing in the shower?
What is the most valuable thing that you own?
What would you do if you only had 24 hours left to live?
What is something you've never done but would like to try to do?
What is something you've tried but would never do again?
Are you a hoarder or saver?
Are you usually early, late, or on time?
What is your best skill/talent?
What do you like least about living in your city/town?
What do you like most about living in your city/town?
Do you usually break the rules or follow them?
Are you a leader or a follower?
Do you wake up by yourself, to an alarm, music, or have someone else wake you up?
Are you more of a spontaneous or structured person?
How would your friends and family describe you?
How have your goals changed as you've gotten older?
Describe your dream house to me.
What's the best thing to do on a hot summer day?
What's the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
What is your favorite smell?
Do you prefer to receive money or an actual gift?
What is your favorite day of the year?
Are you messy or organized?
Are you a heavy or a light sleeper?
Do you smile for pictures?
Do you wear slippers at home?
Do you remember the last dream you had?
How have you changed since you were a kid?
Do you untie your sneakers before taking them off?
What are three websites that you visit daily?
What are three smart phone apps that you can't live without?
How do you keep up to date with the news?
What was the last picture you took on your phone?
How often do you use your phone?
What technology or business do you think will be obsolete within the next 10 years?
What is your morning routine like?
What is your evening routine like?
What is the first thing that you think of in the morning?
What is the last thing that you think of before you go to sleep?
If you knew you couldn't fail, what would you do?
If you could go back in time and change one thing, what would that be?
If you could invent a holiday, what would it be?
If there was an extra hour every day, what would you do with it?
If you had to give up one of your five senses, which one would it be and why?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
If you became president, what is the first thing you would do?
What would you do if you couldn't use the internet or watch TV for a month?
If you could try out any job for one week, what job would you choose to try?
If you were the opposite gender for one day, what would you do?
If you could eliminate one thing that you did everyday, what would it be?
If you could spend one hour with any living person, who would it be and what would you choose to do?
Did you have any nicknames growing up?
What is the worst injury you've had.
What jobs have you worked at?
What is the latest you stayed up until this past week?
What is the earliest you woke up this past week?
What are your favorite and least favorite parts of your week?
What did you learn in this past week?
What do you think your life will look like in 10 years?
What would you like to do when you retire?
What age do you want to live to?
After a long day, do you prefer to hang out with friends or spend time alone?
What is your favorite brand?
What do you like to do to celebrate your birthday?
What is your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
What do you like to spend your money on?
Do you prefer to relax in your free time or do something active?
Do you shower in the morning or at night? Why?
What is your favorite party/board game?
Do you prefer to wear fashionable clothes or comfortable clothes?
What's your favorite comfort food?
Do you prefer to eat at home or eat out?
What food do you like to snack on?
What is your favorite dessert?
Do you prefer sweet or salty snacks?
If someone you were trying to impress was coming over to your home for dinner, what would you make for them?
What was your worst restaurant experience?
What's your favorite non-alcoholic drink?
How important is the decor of a restaurant to you?
What type of movies do you like to watch?
Would you rather watch or play sports?
What do you use to listen to music?
Do you prefer to travel or stay close to home?
When going on a vacation, would you prefer to join a tour or plan out everything by yourself?
What's your favorite thing about going on vacation?
What's your least favorite thing about going on vacation?
Have you ever gone on vacation by yourself?
What do you like to do when you go to the beach?
Do you prefer to have many friends or just a few close ones?
Do you have a big family?
What is the first thing that you notice about someone of the opposite gender?
What do you look for in a girl/guy?
What qualities do you value most in a friend?
What is the first thing that you notice when meeting someone new?
What do you think the best invention is?
What is your favorite place to be?
Tell me your best advice?
Have you ever been to ConversationStarters.com?
If you could learn any skill, what would it be?
What is the meaning of your name?
Do you believe in luck or do you believe that people make their own luck?
What is your favorite conversation starter?
If money was not an issue, what would you do with your life?